Update User Guide (#255)
AY2223S2-CS2103-W17-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

of the reported case. The user-friendly interface provides an easy-to-view overview of the cases, enabling NEA to 
monitor the trends of the disease in different areas, spread in different age groups, and spread of
different variant types of dengue. Overall, this application would allow NEA to stay informed about the latest trends
and take proactive measures to prevent the spread of the disease.

### Purpose of this guide
This guide will introduce you to the various features offered by DengueHotspotTracker.
Use this guide as a tutorial to get started with DengueHotspotTracker.

This guide is:
* A summary of all the *features* offered by DengueHotspotTracker, and provides a high-level overview on how it operates.
* An overview of what user *input* is considered as valid so you can quickly get started with tracing cases on DengueHotspotTracker.

This guide is not:
* An exhaustive case study of every single way to use DengueHotspotTracker as well as its features.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How to use this guide

> Thank you for taking your time to learn how to use DengueHotspotTracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking your time to learn how to use DengueHotspotTracker!
```

Just to sound happier HAHAH

> Thank you for taking your time to learn how to use DengueHotspotTracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking your time to learn how to use DengueHotspotTracker!
```

just to sound happier HAHAH

Here are some tips on how to look through this guide more effectively and efficiently,
so you can improve your knowledge on the use of DengueHotspotTracker.

### Navigating the guide

1. First, you can read the [Quick Start](#quick-start) section to ensure that your system is compatible with DengueHotspotTracker.
We recommend that you follow along the instructions to download and use DengueHotspotTracker with the commands introduced in this guide.
2. Do have a glance at [Conventions](#conventions) to understand the symbols and formatting used across this guide.

> 3. Now that you have had an initial look at DengueHotspotTracker, we have a detailed listing of how to understand the User Interface [here](#navigating-the-user-interface).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Now that you have had an initial look at DengueHotspotTracker, we have a detailed listing of how to understand the user interface [here](#navigating-the-user-interface).
```

4. Now that you understand how to use the interface of DengueHotspotTracker, you are ready to take a deeper dive into our commands. 
We have some general guidelines on what user input is considered as valid. You should refer to [commands](#commands) to get a detailed coverage of the available commands.

### Conventions

Symbols | Meaning
--------|------------------
:information_source: | This is general information that improves your background understanding of this guide as well as DengueHotspotTracker.
:bulb: | This is additional information/tips that may help you to use DengueHotspotTracker more effectively.
:exclamation: | This is something important that you should be aware of.

Formatting | Meaning
--------|------------------
*italics* | This is used to give slight emphasis to certain words.

> **boldface** | This is used to emphasize certain words. The degree of emphasis is stronger than *italics*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**boldface** | This is used to emphasise certain words. The degree of emphasis is stronger than *italics*.
```
We use British spelling!

Reviewer 2: Rule Britannia

`code` | This is used to denote user input or special text.

## Quick Start

> 1. Ensure you have Java `11` installed in your Computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you have Java `11` installed on your Computer.
```

## Navigating the User Interface

![NavigatingUi](images/NavigatingUserInterface.png)
The user interface is split into the input and output sections, as well as
two view columns for **Person List** and **Overview**.

Item | Description
--------|------------------
**command box** | This is where you enter your commands to DengueHotspotTracker.
**output box** | The output box displays additional information from a command. <br> :bulb: For a *successful* command, the output box may contain information such as the number of entries listed. <br> :bulb: For an *unsuccessful* command, such as invalid input, the output box will give detailed feedback about which part of the command is invalid and how to fix it.
**person list** | A list of people and their details.
**overview** | Provides an overview of the total number of cases and cases per category.

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

> Here is the breakdown of an individual *person card*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the breakdown of an individual **person card**.
```
This is how it currently appears:
<img width="442" alt="Screenshot 2023-04-07 at 11 10 13 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/110474344/230533354-5d32e20c-2de9-46ea-aeff-96a288d34f6a.png">

Reviewer: Additionally, might it be better to standardise the use of "case" instead of "person" across all our documentation?

Author: okay i'll take note and update this image

![PersonCardUi](images/PersonCardUi.png)

Item | Description
--------|------------------

> **id** | Current Index of the person in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**id** | Current index of the person in the list.
```

**Name** | Name of person who got dengue.
**Age** | Age of the person who got dengue.
**Postal** | Postal code of the person who got dengue.
**Date** | Date that the person got dengue.

> **Variant** | Dengue Variant person got (DENV1, DENV2 etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Variant** | Dengue variant of the case (DENV1, DENV2, DENV3, or DENV4).
```

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

> Here is the breakdown of an individual *bin card*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the breakdown of an individual **bin card**.
```
See previous comment!

![OverviewCardUi](images/OverviewCardUi.png)

Item | Description
--------|------------------
**id** | Index in the overview list.

> **Overview Category** | Overview category being currently displayed.  <br> :bulb: The default overview category is by location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Overview Category** | Overview category currently being displayed.  <br> :bulb: The default overview category is by location.
```

Reviewer: Also, in the person card description above, all the items were written in lowercase in both the image and the table! It might be better to standardise case for both person card and bin card (for both the images and the tables)—maybe everything in sentence case?

| **Delete**   | `delete INDEX...` or <code>delete { d/DATE &#124; [sd/START_DATE] [ed/END_DATE] }</code><br> e.g. `delete 3`, `delete d/2023-03-10`                                                                                                                                                         |
| **Clear**    | `clear`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| **List**     | `list`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | **Find**     | <code>find [n/NAME] [p/POSTAL] [v/VARIANT]... { [a/AGE] &#124; [sa/START_AGE] [ea/END_AGE] } \\</code><br><code>; { [d/DATE] &#124; [sd/START_DATE] [ed/END_DATE] }</code><br> e.g. `find n/James Jake`, `find sa/20 ea/29`, `find v/DENV1 v/DENV2` |

Reviewer: Might having the \ in the command be confusing for users?

Author: it's to symbolise the or since we can't use `|`

Examples:
* `find n/Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st case in the results of the `find` command.
* `find p/s666` followed by `delete d/2023-03-23` deletes the cases from 23rd March 2023 in the results of the `find`
command.

> * * `find p/243` followed by `delete sd/2023-03-20 ed/2023-03-27` deletes the cases from 20th March 2023 to 27th March 2023 inclusive in the results of the `find` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `find p/243` followed by `delete sd/2023-03-20 ed/2023-03-27` deletes the cases from 20th March 2023 to 27th March 2023 inclusive in the results of the `find` command.
```

* `list` followed by `clear` clears all cases from DengueHotspotTracker.
* `find n/Betsy` followed by `clear` deletes all cases with names that include "Betsy".

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

**:exclamation: Warning:**<br>

> As `clear` resets all the data in `DengueHotspotTracker` you should use [`delete`](#deleting-cases-delete) for use cases of deleting specific or groups of cases.

Reviewer: It doesn't!! We changed functionality so that it only clears the **shown list**. Let's remove this section!

Author: Got it

</div>

<br>

### Listing all cases: `list`

Use this command to reset the find filters and display all cases in DengueHotspotTracker.

Format: `list`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

**:bulb: Tip:**<br>

> As `list` resets all active filters and sort orderings, one of the most common uses of the `list` command to reset the display lists to display all the properties and buyers in `DengueHotspotTracker`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `list` resets all active filters, one of the most common uses of the `list` command to reset the display lists to display all the cases in `DengueHotspotTracker`.
```
It doesn't reset sort orderings!

> Some places where you might want to make use of the `list` are when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might like to use `list` in conjunction with the following commands:
```
This lines up better with what is suggested in lines 380 and 382.

> * [`delete`](#deleting-cases-delete) to show all the cases as delete follows the index of the current list

Reviewer: Might be better to discuss `clear` here instead? Think the use case for listing before deleting a particular index (since delete follows the index of the current list, one can delete a case whenever they wish as long as it's in the current shown list) is not as obvious as the use case for listing before clearing (want to clear **all** cases).

Reviewer: If not: it would be great to update the phrasing here to match the phrasing of overview and clear! ("which ____").

Reviewer 3: can be done in future iteration

> * [`overview`](#changing-the-overview-type--overview) to show to overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`overview`](#changing-the-overview-type--overview), which shows an overview of the cases in the current list view
```

* [`find`](#finding-cases-by-prefixes-find) which filters the current list view

You may wish to use `list` **before** any of these commands in order to process the *full* list of data within `DengueHotspotTracker`.

You may wish to use `list` **after** any of these commands in order to return to the *full* list.

</div>

<br>

> ### Finding cases by prefixes: `find`

Reviewer: Hmm I'm realising that "prefix" isn't the best word here, since prefix just refers to e.g. "n/", "a/", and we're finding based on what we give _after_ the prefix. "keyword" might be a better word, but I'm not sure since using "keyword" to refer to things like dates and ages does feel a bit strange :O Do you have any suggestions?

Reviewer: can be done in a future commit!

Reviewer 3: prefer arguments instead, but me thinks removing entirely is better
```suggestion
### Finding cases: `find`
```
